adding documentation for gist 12 (#5)
semanticarts/gist-doc: README.md

This repository contains documentation of the [Semantic Arts gist minimalist upper ontology](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/tree/master) in three formats: narrative, graphical, and Widoco-style.

> Current version of gist: 12.0.0

Reviewer: Are we going to refresh this only at major releases? And not have to update this line every time we publish a new version of gist? Then we should say 

Current major version of gist: 12

Or 

Current version of gist: 12.x.x ("Current version" not quite right here, I don't know how to refer to this).

Reviewer: I would also name the eBook in some way that doesn't make it out of date with patch or minor versions.

Contents
-----

> * **gist eBook**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **gist eBook: _The Zest of Gist_**
```
Not sure if this formatting works. I'm going for the title in italics inside the bold.

>   * The organization of the eBook is based around the idea of themes of classes and predicates that deal with related concepts.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The eBook is organized around conceptual themes, such as addresses, magnitudes, and so on.
```

>   * epub format distribution of the "Zest of gist" eBook will work with any modern eBook reader including Calibre and Kindle reader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The epub distribution will work with any modern eBook reader, including Calibre and Kindle reader.
```
